match 1  (mch)
n.
1.
a. One that is exactly like another; a counterpart.
b. One that is like another in one or more specified qualities: He is John's match for bravery.
2. One that is able to compete equally with another: The boxer had met his match.
3.
a. One that closely resembles or harmonizes with another: The napkins were a nice match for the tablecloth.
b. A pair, each one of which resembles or harmonizes with the other: The colors were a close match.
4. Sports
a. A game or contest in which two or more persons, animals, or teams oppose and compete with each other: a soccer match.
b. A tennis contest won by the player or side that wins a specified number of sets, usually two out of three or three out of five.
5. A marriage or an arrangement of marriage: a royal match.
6. A person viewed as a prospective marriage partner.
v. matched, match·ing, match·es
v.tr.
1.
a. To be exactly like; correspond exactly.
b. To be like with respect to specified qualities.
2. To resemble or harmonize with: The coat matches the dress.
3. To adapt or suit so that a balanced or harmonious result is achieved; cause to correspond: You should match your deeds to your beliefs.
4. To find or produce a counterpart to: It's difficult to match the color of old paint.
5. To fit together or cause to fit together.
6. To join or give in marriage.
7. To place in opposition or competition; pit: She matched her skill against all comers.
8. To provide with an adversary or competitor.
9. To do as well as or better than in competition; equal.
10. To set in comparison; compare: beauty that could never be matched.
11. To provide funds so as to equal or complement: The government will match all private donations to the museum.
12. To flip or toss (coins) and compare the sides that land face up.
13. To couple (electric circuits) by means of a transformer.
v.intr.
To be a close counterpart; correspond.
[Middle English macche, from Old English gemæcca, companion, mate; see mag- in Indo-European roots.]
matcher n.
match 2  (mch)
n.
1. A narrow piece, usually of wood or cardboard, coated on one end with a compound that ignites when scratched against a rough or chemically treated surface.
2. An easily ignited cord or wick, formerly used to detonate powder charges or to fire cannons and muzzle-loading firearms.
[Middle English matche, lamp wick, from Old French mesche, from Vulgar Latin *micca, from Latin myxa, a lamp's nozzle, from Greek muxa, mucus, lamp wick.]
The American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition copyright ©2000 by Houghton Mifflin Company. Updated in 2009. Published by Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved.
match1
n
1. (General Sporting Terms) a formal game or sports event in which people, teams, etc., compete to win
2. a person or thing able to provide competition for another she's met her match in talking ability
3. a person or thing that resembles, harmonizes with, or is equivalent to another in a specified respect that coat is a good match for your hat
4. a person or thing that is an exact copy or equal of another
5.
a.  a partnership between a man and a woman, as in marriage
b.  an arrangement for such a partnership
6. a person regarded as a possible partner, as in marriage
vb (mainly tr)
1. to fit (parts) together to match the tongue and groove of boards
2. (also intr; sometimes foll by up) to resemble, harmonize with, correspond to, or equal (one another or something else) the skirt matches your shoes well
3. (sometimes foll by with or against) to compare in order to determine which is the superior they matched wits
4. (often foll by to or with) to adapt so as to correspond with to match hope with reality
5. (often foll by with or against) to arrange a competition between
6. to find a match for
7. (Electronics) Electronics to connect (two circuits) so that their impedances are equal or are equalized by a coupling device, to produce a maximum transfer of energy
[Old English gemæcca spouse; related to Old High German gimmaha wife, Old Norse maki mate]
matchable  adj
matcher  n
matching  adj
match2
n
1. a thin strip of wood or cardboard tipped with a chemical that ignites by friction when rubbed on a rough surface or a surface coated with a suitable chemical (see safety match)
2. (Military / Firearms, Gunnery, Ordnance & Artillery) a length of cord or wick impregnated with a chemical so that it burns slowly. It is used to fire cannons, explosives, etc.
[from Old French meiche, perhaps from Latin myxa wick, from Greek muxa lamp nozzle]
Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged 6th Edition 2003. © William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd 1979, 1986 © HarperCollins Publishers 1991, 1994, 1998, 2000, 2003
un·matched  (n-mcht)
adj.
1. Not matched: unmatched socks.
2. Without equal or rival; peerless: unmatched skill.
Adj.	1.	unmatchable - eminent beyond or above comparison; "matchless beauty"; "the team's nonpareil center fielder"; "she's one girl in a million"; "the one and only Muhammad Ali"; "a peerless scholar"; "infamy unmatched in the Western world"; "wrote with unmatchable clarity"; "unrivaled mastery of her art"
matchless, nonpareil, one and only, peerless, unrivaled, unrivalled, unmatched, one
incomparable, uncomparable - such that comparison is impossible; unsuitable for comparison or lacking features that can be compared; "an incomparable week of rest and pleasure"; "the computer proceeds with its incomparable logic and efficiency"; "this report is incomparable with the earlier ones because of different breakdowns of the data"
