 1. All grocery shopping bags contain at least one loaf of French bread and one bunch of carrots with leafy tops.
 2. It's easy to land a plane, providing there is someone in the control tower to talk you down.
 3. If you are beautiful, your makeup never rubs off, even while scuba-diving or fighting aliens. However if you are overweight or ugly, your mascara will run and your lipstick will smear.
 4. The ventilation system of any building is the perfect hiding place. No one will ever think of looking for you in there, and you can travel to any other part of the building without difficulty, without getting dirty, and without being heard.
 5. You're very likely to survive any battle in any war unless you make the terrible mistake of showing someone a picture of your sweetheart back home.
 6. Should you wish to pass yourself off as a German officer, it is not necessary to speak the language. English spoken in a cheesy German accent will do.
 7. A man will show no pain while taking the most horrific beating, but will wince when a woman tries to clean his resulting wounds.
 8. If staying in a haunted house, women must investigate any strange noises in their most diaphanous underwear, which is what they happened to be wearing when the car broke down.
 9. If someone says "I'll be right back," they won't.
10. Even when driving down a perfectly straight road, it is necessary to turn the steering wheel from time to time.
11. All bombs are fitted with electronic timing devices with large red readouts so you know exactly when they're going to go off.
12. A police detective can only solve a case after he has been suspended from duty.
13. If you decide to start dancing in the street, everyone around you will be able to mirror all the steps you come up with, and can hear the music in your head.
14. Police departments give their officers personality tests to make sure each is assigned a partner who is their total opposite.
15. When they are alone, all foreigners prefer to speak English to each other.
